**What is Vantage DAO?**
Vantage DAO is a sports betting syndicate operated through Decentralised Autonomous Organisation (DAO). 

**How does the DAO generate profits for it's members?**
DAO members are asked to contribute to the DAO's decision making process through a series of votes.
Votes are used alongside our bet funding criteria to determine which bets should be placed.
As of present the DAO uses a basic funding formula. The bet funding formula is

*Stake formula*
s=v*(d/c)
[ s is the stake, v is the vote share percentage in decimal form (e.g. 43% = 0.43), d is the daily budget and c is the number of concurrently executed bets.
[ a floor value for v has been set at 25%, in the future this may be subject to change ]

*Daily budget formula*
d=(T/E)
[T is the value of USDT holdings, E is the exhaustion rate]

The bet stake formula has been composed to limit the DAO's exposure by distributing betting capital between an array of markets, with allocation weighted based on support.
(In the future a more complex staking formula will be used, to determine capital distribution).

*The bet funding formula*
The daily budget formula has been designed to faciliate dynamic allocation of the DAO's funds in line with the communities wishes.
This means that daily betting expenditure cannot exceed 10% of the DAO's Tether USD holdings.
This percentage can be changed to influence the potential loss rate (which has an inverse relationship with potential returns).
Nevertheless, the compound effect making loses can see your capital shrink substantially in value.
This would mean that the DAO would end each (365 day) year with a minimium of $9.18 per $1000 invested.
Bear in mind, this unlikely theoretical loss of 99.082% assumes 365 consecutive days of loss making bets - the DAO strives to optimise it's betting strategy to avoid such losses.

**How are bets placed?**
Currently, bets are placed manually by Governance Token Holders - who are in turn rewarded for their facilitation.
The DAO receives returns prior to the event in question, with estimated returns staked within the DAO by facilitators.
If a bet wins, the funds are kept within the DAO treasury; the facilitator is given a proportional stake of the facilitator fund.
If a bet loses, the returns capital is returned to the facilitator.


**How are bet revenues divided?**
The DAO community is entitled to 95% of bet revenue, with the remaining 5% dedicated to funding proposal posting and bet fulfillment. These are essential elemtn

**What is unbiased capital?**
Our bet funding model allocates a daily budget (currently 10% of USDT holdings) to each days betting activity.
Unless all valid bets receive 100% of voter support, a portion of budgetted betting capital will not be deployed.

**What is undeployed capital and what is the DAOs plans for undeployed.?**
Our bet funding model ensures the DAO's funds are not rapidly exhausted.
This results in a situation where we can project the DAO's minimium balance after any time frame (ceteris parabas). 
An alternative way to view this is: we can calculate the value of DAO holdings that will need to be accessible as liquid capital at any given point of time.
We can also deploy said capital in alternative ways (such as staking or farming), as a means of generating yields with the DAO's wealth.
For example if the DAO agree's to lock 'E' at 10%, the DAO is guaranteed to have $9.18 per $1000 in it's treasury.
The DAO can then stake the $9.18 with another protocol, and generate a yield on it's value (e.g. 2.6% yield on USDC would turn our $9.18 into $9.42).
If the DAO needs to access the funds on day 366, the capital can be unstake; if the capital is not needed it can continue to be staked (and even added to).
The DAO will measure undeployed capital monthly and purely in terms of USDT.
Other assets will be leveraged for specific purposes and should not be considered within the betting budget.

**Which assets will the Vantage DAO use?**
Purchases of LP tokens, and fulfillment validation, will be completed using USDC.
Purchases of GT tokens will be executed using wAVAX.
Dividends and bounty payments will be made using AVAX.

**How are decision made within the DAO?**
The DAO operates using two types of tokens.
Governance tokens are more expensive, non-transferable, and grant members the right to vote on structural changes to the DAO and it's policies.
Governance tokens have a limited supply of 100,000 tokens. The price of Vantage GT has not yet been set.

*What are LP tokens, and how are they used?*
Liquidity pool tokens are less expensive, transferable and grant members the right to vote on the DAO's betting activity and select proposals.
Liquidity pool tokens can be purchased for $0.01USDC (once the formal public sale begins).
Each LP token represents a proportional stake in DAO's USDT/USDC treasury holdings, as well as a share in the revenues generated by the DAO.


**What happens to unbiased capital?**
Unbiased capital will be returned to DAO. In the future the DAO will hold votes on future uses of unbiased capital.

**Repuation System (Coming soon)**
As part of the DAO's development plans, we intend to develop more complex smart contracts that can execute betting in a more automated and insightful fashion.
One of the features we intend to include is the issuance of reputation tokens.
These tokens will be non-transferable, non-burnable, timebound indicators of an individuals pick accuracy and overal engagement.
(in)correct tokens will be awarded based on whether a pick was correct or not.
Abstainee tokens will be awarded to all users who place votes but do select a pick.
Absentee tokens will be award to all users who miss votes.
The proportion of (in)correct, absaintee tokens and abstainee tokens will be used to develop the users reputation score.
Future voting will be weighted by repuation alongside LP stake.


**Legal Compliance**
To ensure the DAO meets legal requirements, performance of certain tasks is restricted to approved governance token holders.
This helps to guarantee that all bets are placed legally and backed by a reputable member. 
DAO members should consult tax professionals to discuss personal tax implications.
